Jim Holly supercross lite lunch
Supercross online com well Justin
Brayton he not only collected $1,500
from nuclear cowboyz the first hole shot
of the 450 class here in 2012 but a
back-to-back second podium for you and
another second yeah that's a it's
definitely a confidence builder to to
grab that whole shot and it was awesome
to get some clean air you know what the
Rocky was here and and then the track
was just brutal so it's awesome to get
out front and I just you know didn't
have RV speed he's he's uh he's riding
really really well and there's a reason
why he's got that number one on his bike
but I want to get up there and battle
with him and you know feel like maybe
not not practicing for a while starting
to catch up to me a little bit
fitness-wise so how to get back at it
and start pushing my leg a little more
and and I feel like I have a speed just
need to keep putting myself in those
positions getting out front racing with
him and it'll happen you know I was
watching the meaning you kept far beyond
her stuff till about lap 10 or 11 12 is
at the point when the fitness starts to
kick in and you going man I don't want
to throw this second away yeah totally i
made a really big mistake in the whoops
the whoops are crazy they were just a
bunch of ruts and made a big mistake I
almost went off the track and then I
actually landed on a tough block and
rhythm and just kind of came you know
started making a few mistakes and then
you know you start thinking and all
right you know what second is good for
tonight I I proved that I can get up and
battle with them fastest lap time today
in practice we're only getting better
and better and you know team Honda
Muslim up guys are unbelievable the
bikes insane so looking forward to
Houston looking forward to this week to
get back at it and maybe ride a couple
days and
come out of Houston and then try and get
that good start and get out front and
see if we can get one we make it any
changes to the bike from week to week or
you're pretty happy with it or you're
still trying to develop it now we've
been changing it quite a bit on race
weekend I've been staying in North
Carolina at my house there and and you
know not being able to be in California
and tests you know I'll only go to the
track and do 20 or 30 laps and the leg
gets pretty source those no point really
going to out to California to test so
when I come here I just you know give it
a hundred percent and try and block the
leg out and we do quite a bit of testing
throughout the the practices and but you
know I trust everything they do we might
make a drastic change but it's only for
the better and then having Chad Reed
around today really helped he gave me
some information and watch me in
practice and him being on the same bike
you know he knows he knows what to do
and what not to do so thanks to him and
the whole team will keep making it
better and better